bringing 35 of you who watch our videos
to a different part of the world to go
on our largest group adventure to date
sounded like a crazy idea and a
logistical nightmare at first until we
met this lady she said she could pull it
off and we took her word for it
Lauren is our badass entrepreneur friend
who runs a company called we journey
which specializes in traveling with
purpose also she's Bruno's mom our goal
for our first official organized meetup
was to test whether we could leverage
our audience to do something good in a
place that truly needs it what we were
uncertain about however was whether we
could get our audience from all over the
world to fly an aggregate of hundreds of
thousands of miles and put money down to
pay for resources well the truth is you
guys crushed it and dozens of you came
rushing to the opportunity as soon as we
announced it and before we knew it the
trip was full and we were off to
Nicaragua Nicaragua is actually the
second poorest country in the Western
Hemisphere so bringing some of you along
to make a small difference felt like an
absolute privilege but as you can
imagine we were three hundred percent
ready for the trip oh no what are we
supposed to leave 40 minutes do you
think we can honestly it's always the
agency that gets us we need two hours to
export the footage but we're leaving in
45 minutes
forty all right we'll challenge science
today we have him right where he wants
always at the end let me do everything
well in time right me whining about you
gives you everything last minute yeah
[Music]
we've been in traffic for like half an
hour reward in like an hour
I'm actually not worried the traffic is
gonna hit super intense you guys should
just get out and walk that is the most
crowded thing I've ever seen a network
yeah Wow
there's no way we're gonna make if you
go downstairs you're the TSA and here
and there it's empty all that can go
through there and go up to the bit more
than you're in the same spot just there
with her she said to come here
[Music]
they send us back all right
if you ever travel out of LAX now you
know it's so stressful
I'm never ending this again like they
were checking my back we all ride safely
on a plane we're gonna make it
everything's gonna be fine there's no
way but we're about to take off and in a
couple seconds you'll probably see a
flying montage
excited
[Music]
would you stop to just realize that all
four of us literally the people
organizing this trip did not read the
list of what to bring the journey sets
out we had no idea that you were
supposed to be sleeping mat so we're off
likely gonna be sitting on the floor and
we didn't bring sleeping bags so we'll
also like to be quite cold and somebody
over here is just realizing this could
have plan ahead I know we tell it makes
it nice maybe st. Matt's
[Music]
did you know we're stepping outside but
we have no sleeping bags our answer
so I came here like I'm sorry
[Music]
you know Lori Casey Starbucks good
this is the biggest beautiful remember
at last time we didn't meet up it was
right before we left Montreal about a
year and a half ago we're just so happy
that like doing our first meetup again
is somewhere international where we get
to do something that is off value and
has impact value to save anybody we're
here to really service people and
reflect on that experience and make sure
that we are going home with a new
perspective and this comfort breeds
growth and that's what we're here to do
and I could not have been happier that
this is the setting that we get to meet
some of the people that are watching so
let's grow together let's share these
stories and just like have a blast cos
it's already getting on to it an amazing
start and we're super excited about it
so seeing some of you in real life felt
absolutely surreal and made us want to
do plenty more meetups we actually do
try to do as many meetups as we can
whenever we travel so to stay up to date
than to know all the information about
that make sure you follow us on
Instagram because that's the only place
we'll be announcing it and stay tuned
for next week we'll rebuild
seven homes and 48 hours and took
everybody on an epic adventure
but before then see on Tuesday for wheel
up discomfort part two